[Music]
uh-oh several guys found themselves in
serious trouble today I'm going to need
your problem-solving skills to get them
out of it you'll have a chance to help
them and get one point for every correct
answer a transportation paradox amy has
overslept this morning and she's going
to be late for work she gets ready runs
to the bus stop and hops on the only bus
waiting there
uh-oh it seems to be the wrong bus there
are three doors at the back the driver
tells Amy only one leads to safety
behind the first one there's a giant
elephant that will step on anyone who
isn't great behind the second one
there's a tiger who will eat anyone who
is an orange behind the third door
there's an anaconda that will swallow
anyone that isn't green what kind of
cockamamie bus is this anyway Amy sees
two buckets of paint one is yellow and
the other is red you have 7 seconds to
help the girl
[Music]
she should mix the red and yellow paint
to get the orange color paint herself
and head out the second door boy I can't
wait for her excuse when she shows up at
work painted orange a secret room
well hey ami finally gets to work but
instead of entering her office she walks
into a mysterious room there's someone
dressed in a hooded cloak inside the
figure lifts its arms and the doors
behind Amy clothes shot then she hears
this to open the door you have to guess
what word I have in mind right now
sounds kind of like Barney from the
mailroom the girl scans the room lost in
thought then she smiles and says the
word you have 7 seconds to figure out
what word she said it's candles the room
is filled with hundreds of them the
right dimension amy has to go through a
large forest on her way home all of a
sudden three portals appear in front of
her each can take her to a different
place the first one will land her on the
moon the second portal will move her to
the bottom of the Mariana Trench the
last one will take her thirty thousand
years back when large dinosaurs were
still roaming around which portal leads
to safety
[Music]
the third one it turns out that
dinosaurs actually went extinct 65
million years ago Amy will be safe there
a locked car
Amy's had a tough day and it's about to
get worse
must be a Monday when she's heading out
to the underground parking to get her
car the electricity goes out then she
sees a glowing three digit PIN code lock
on her car on the floor there's a piece
of paper with 0:09
written on it she enters the number but
the attempt is unsuccessful the girl
thinks a bit more and figures out the
correct code what is the code you have
seven seconds to guess Amy flipped the
paper upside down and read the number
correctly it's six hundred giant lake
tunnels Anna and Greg are on an
adventure camping trip when they're
walking across a flimsy bridge it starts
to collapse they rush to the other side
and see three deep tunnels there the
guys have to jump in one of them to
survive the first tunnel leads to a
volcano with hot lava bubbling in its
crater the second one is a lake filled
with hungry 50 year old piranhas the
last tunnel is an abyss with spiky
stalagmites at the bottom you have seven
seconds to get these two out of there
Anna and Greg should pick the second
tunnel piranhas can only live for up to
20 years trapped at the mall just
looking for a gift at a shopping mall
one of the stores has a mysterious
extension that leads to a vault filled
with diamonds and gold jewelry as soon
as he walks in the owner pulls the bars
down and locks him in the room
he tells John he has to eat one of the
three cookies on the side table then
he'll be set free and get the treasure
the first cookie will turn
John into an animal the second cookie
will make him a giant the last one will
make him invisible which one should he
eat the first one he can turn into a
hamster and squeeze through the bars
that's how he'll get out and win the
goal who took the computer mark and Amy
were parents to a boy called Jacob one
day marks laptop disappeared and nobody
in the house could find it they called
the police when a detective arrived and
searched the scene he found a note on
Mark's desk it was written by Jacob the
note read Wow the detective immediately
figured out who had taken the laptop can
you understand it too
[Music]
it was a me if you turn the note upside
down it'll read mom yep
sticky fingers mom an escape an
archaeologist is exploring an ancient
cave in an isolated area when he's about
to leave the front part of the cave
collapses the man immediately runs
inside to save his life he sees three
tunnels only one leads to safety the
first tunnel is filled with giant mice
the second is home to 12 grizzly bears
the third one leads to a lake swarming
with hungry sharks here are your seven
seconds the safest option is the tunnel
with mice they don't attack humans now
as an aside when have you ever seen
sharks in a lake hey I'm just nitpicking
here a parallel universe
one day four friends went camping in the
wild when they wake up the next morning
they realize they're in a parallel
universe the friends see a tree with a
small tunnel inside it can take them
back to the real world but it closes in
16 minutes they have one flashlight that
has to be carried by one person and the
tunnel is so small that only two people
can go through at once it takes Mike
eight minutes to pass Anna needs five
minutes
Luke spends two minutes and Jack just
one minute you get seven seconds to do
the math
[Music]
Luke and Jack should go first
Jack will return and let Anna and Mike
walk through it'll take 8 minutes after
that Luke will go back to get Jack the
crazy scientist Tracy wakes up in a
scientist lab he's been working on
creating the largest snake ever and has
succeeded to avoid the monsters teeth
tracy has to get out of there as soon as
she can there are of course three doors
in the lab but only one leads to freedom
behind the first door there are 20
life-sized hungry cacti with shark teeth
behind the second door there are four
giant spiders the third door hides two
hungry Tigers that haven't eaten in days
which is the best way out
[Music]
it's the second door well spider species
aren't dangerous for humans and they
don't attack people no matter how big
they are okay time for your scores if
you got zero to three points you need to
watch more riddle videos and develop
your logic skills if you got four to
seven points you're halfway there just
pay more attention to little details if
you finish this race with eight to ten
points all the guys from the riddle
survived today thanks to your genius
thinking hey if you learn something new
today then give the video a like and
share it with a friend and here are some
other cool videos I think you'll enjoy
just click to the left or right and
remember stay on the bright side of life